# Grievous
    General Grievous :)

    An EDA simulator wrapper script of Cadence Xcelium, Synopsys VCS, etc.
    Use one line command to call different digital simulators in short.
    An example is to start a simulation with a command like 'grievous -t test0'.

    Follow MIT license.

    Nowadays, in digital design and verification team of an integrated circuit (IC) company, a common script of invoking different simulators is used normally.
    The script is based on perl, python or makefile in different companies.

    The scirpt in this repo is programmed by python3.
    With the help of some configuration text files and global variables, the script creates simulation folders, compile scripts, and simulate scripts, then runs them automatically.
    Different engineers are easily to share and debug simulation results in the team, and easily to reproduce a failed simulation if they are using the same script.

    Both single simulation and regression are supported.
    Coverage is also collected in need, and the curve of coverage percentage of daily regression is generated by calling gnuplot by the script.

    Support to sumbit jobs to LSF system or current host.

    Support UVM testbench and verilog-only testbench.
    For verification engineers, an UVM based simulation environment is easily to be build by the script.
    For design engineers who are not familiar with UVM, a verilog or systemverilog based simulation environment is also supported by it.

    TBA

# Usage, arguments
| Argument | Description |
| - | - |
| -t/--test [test name] | Specify the name of a test. `It's used to find a file which name is [test name].sv, and the [test name] is passed to simulatior as +UVM_TESTNAME=[test name]. So, make sure the file name and uvm_test name are same with [test name].` |
| -c/--clean | Clean existing simulation folder. `Without this arguments, the compile stage keeps incremental compilation if simulation folder is reused.` |
| -w/--wave [wave type] | Dump signals to waveform files. `[wave type] can be ommitted, the default waveform type of Cadence Xceilum is .shm, and the default type of Synopsys VCS is fsdb. Wave type can also be specified in command line, it supports [-w shm, -w vcd, -w fsdb, -w vpd] for now.` |
    TBA

# Configuration files
    The default name is configuration file is 'sim.setup'.

    For block level or top level verification, a default 'sim.setup' should be created in this rule:

    TBA

# Global variables

    TBA

# Features by now and in future

    TBA
